people in the Navy have an opinion on how to do things. Um, and those
opinions are cover a very wide spectrum as far as who you should talk
to you about what you should do in the Navy. On the obvious choice
would be those who have done it before you. So those folks being your
superiors, your commanding officers and your executive officer now,
typically, in any command, your executive officer is gonna be the
one that's gonna kind of facilitate you moving on to your next job.
And And he will make recommendations to the commanding officer to suggest
for him to suggest, uh, where you should go. If you want a formal
discussion on on things like this, you can talk with your detailer
Who is whose Establishing Millington, Tennessee. If you go there
a website, you'll no doubt find a good contact email for those folks.
But surely speaking, if you're trying to decide what to do with your
career, you should get a wide range of opinions. You should talk
to people that are both in and outside your community. You should talk
to people that were inside your community but then decided to leave
Deviate for the typical career path, and you can get an idea of
how their experience vary from those who stayed on the career path.
Um, I've given plenty of advice to people on on eye on things like this.
And what I think is important to remember is that no career path
is is the same. They're similar, but they were never the same. So
what work for somebody won't necessarily work for you?